This is the source for Democracy Player, the client-side component of
the Democracy platform for Internet TV. It is targeted at average,
unsophisticated Internet users with broadband connections. It can be
built for Mac OS X, Microsoft Windows, or X Windows-based platforms
such as Linux, with a native look and feel on each platform, and there
is a clean separation between the portable backend and the
platform-specific frontend in the event that new ports are desired in
the future. It is written primarily in Python and is distributed under
the terms of the GNU Public License; see license.txt.

Prebuilt versions are available from:
http://www.getdemocracy.com/downloads/

The latest source can be retrieved via Subversion from:
https://svn.participatoryculture.org/svn/dtv/trunk/tv

The project bug tracker, the developer documentation wiki, and links
to subscription information for and archives of the development
mailing lists are located at:
https://develop.participatoryculture.org/

The public face of the Democracy platform is:
http://www.getdemocracy.com/

Participatory Culture Foundation, the non-profit that sponsors
Democracy development and promotes the platform, has a site at:
http://participatoryculture.org/

To build for...              See...
  Mac OS X (Cocoa widgets)   platform/osx/README
  X Windows (GTK widgets)    platform/gtk-x11/README
  MS Windows (Mozilla XUL)   platform/windows-xul/README

There is also a fourth port, which also targets MS Windows but embeds
Mozilla in a window made with native Windows widgets instead of using
Mozilla's XUL widgets. This port is incomplete and long-abandoned, but
will remains in 'platform/windows.old' for a while longer for easy
reference.
